Pravega connector (#2149)
akka/alpakka: docs/src/main/paradox/pravega.md

Scala
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/PravegaSettingsSpec.scala) { #reader-settings }

Java
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/PravegaSettingsTestCase.java) { #reader-settings }

### EventWriter configuration

A Pravega Flow or Sink needs a WriterSettings to operate, it can be build from configuration and
programmatically customized:

If you want to use a routing key, you need to provide an extraction function from your messages.

Scala
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/PravegaSettingsSpec.scala) { #writer-settings }

Java
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/PravegaSettingsTestCase.java) { #writer-settings }

ReaderSettingsBuilder, ReaderSettingsBuilder produce respectively ReaderSettings and ReaderSettings
once a Serializer is provided.

## Writing to Pravega

Pravega write are done through a Flow/Sink like:

Scala
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/PravegaReadWriteDocs.scala) { #writing }

Java
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/PravegaReadWriteDocs.java) { #writing }

## Reading from Pravega

> Pravega reads from a Source:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pravega message reads are from a Source:  
```

Scala
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/PravegaReadWriteDocs.scala) { #reading }

Java
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/PravegaReadWriteDocs.java) { #reading }

> It produces a stream of `PravegaEvent` a thin wrapper which embeds some Pravega metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It produces a stream of @apidoc[PravegaEvent], a thin wrapper which includes some Pravega metadata along with the message.
```

# Pravega

[Pravega](http://www.pravega.io/) provides a new storage abstraction - a stream - for continuous and unbounded data. A Pravega stream is a durable, elastic, append-only, unbounded sequence of bytes that has good performance and strong consistency.

@@project-info{ projectId="pravega" }

## Artifacts

@@dependency [sbt,Maven,Gradle] {
  group=com.lightbend.akka
  artifact=akka-stream-alpakka-pravega_$scala.binary.version$
  version=$project.version$
}

The table below shows direct dependencies of this module and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.

@@dependencies { projectId="pravega" }

## Concept

Pravega store at scale stream of event organized within Scopes.   

http://pravega.io/docs/latest/terminology/

## Configuration

Two categories of properties can/must be provided to configure the connector.

**Pravega internals** properties that are forwarded to Pravega configuration builders:

  - ClientConfig  `akka.alpakka.pravega.default.client-config`
  - EventWriterConfig `akka.alpakka.pravega.writer.config`
  - ReaderConfig `akka.alpakka.pravega.reader.config`

**Alpakka Connector** properties (all others).

Sample

> : @@snip(/pravega/src/test/resources/application.conf)

Author: Ok, it will be removed.

# Pravega

> [Pravega](http://www.pravega.io/) provides a new storage abstraction - a stream - for continuous and unbounded data. A Pravega stream is a durable, elastic, append-only, unbounded sequence of bytes that has good performance and strong consistency.

Reviewer 2: A Pravega stream is not a single unbounded sequence as it can have parallel segments. He is a possible rephrase:

> A Pravega stream is an elastic set of durable and append-only segments, each segment being an unbounded sequence of bytes. Streams provide exactly-once semantics, and atomicity for groups of events using transactions.

@@project-info{ projectId="pravega" }

## Artifacts

@@dependency [sbt,Maven,Gradle] {
  group=com.lightbend.akka
  artifact=akka-stream-alpakka-pravega_$scala.binary.version$
  version=$project.version$
}

The table below shows direct dependencies of this module and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.

@@dependencies { projectId="pravega" }

## Concepts

> Pravega store at scale @extref[stream](pravega:pravega-concepts/#streams) of @extref[events](pravega:pravega-concepts/#events) organized within scopes.   

Reviewer 2: Suggested rephrase:

> Pravega stores streams of events, and streams are organized using scopes. A Pravega stream comprises a one or more parallel segments, and the set of parallel segments can change over time with auto-scaling. Pravega is designed to operate at scale and is able to accommodate a large number of segments and streams.

> Basically @extref[events](pravega:pravega-concepts/#streams) are appended in and read from @extref[streams](pravega:pravega-concepts/#streams).

Reviewer 2: Suggested rephrase:

> Pravega has an API to write and read events. An application looking into ingesting data writes events to a stream, while consuming data consists of reading events from a stream. In addition to the events API, Pravega has other APIs that enable an application to read and write bytes rather than events and to read events of a stream out of order (e.g., when batch processing).

> Pravega provides a durable storage with an unified API to access to cold events.

Reviewer 2: Suggested rephrase:

> Pravega stores stream data durably, and applications can access the stream data using the same API both when tailing the stream and when processing past data. The system is architected so that the underlying storage is elastic and it is able to accommodate unbounded streams.

> When messages are ingested, a *routing key* may be used to ensure @extref[ordering guarantees](pravega:/pravega-concepts/#ordering-guarantees) at scale. 

Reviewer 2: Suggested rephrase:

> When writing an event, Pravega accepts a *routing key* parameter, and it guarantees order per key even in the presence of auto-scaling.

# Pravega

[Pravega](http://www.pravega.io/) provides a new storage abstraction - a stream - for continuous and unbounded data. A Pravega stream is a durable, elastic, append-only, unbounded sequence of bytes that has good performance and strong consistency.

@@project-info{ projectId="pravega" }

## Artefacts

@@dependency [sbt,Maven,Gradle] {
  group=com.lightbend.akka
  artifact=akka-stream-alpakka-pravega_$scala.binary.version$
  version=$project.version$
}

The table below shows direct dependencies of this module and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.

@@dependencies { projectId="pravega" }

## Configuration

Scala
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/PravegaGraphSpec.scala) { #configuration }

Java
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/PravegaGraphTestCase.java) { #configuration }

## Writing

Scala
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/PravegaGraphSpec.scala) { #writing }

Java
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/PravegaGraphTestCase.java) { #writing }

## Reading

Scala
:   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/PravegaGraphSpec.scala) { #reading }

Java

> :   @@snip[snip](/pravega/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/PravegaGraphTestCase.java) { #reading }

Reviewer: @cheleb Ah, I see now where the "Concepts" section was for.  That makes sense, but it needs to be fleshed out more.
